Pull request template added (#88)
TheAlgorithms/website: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> <!-- This will automatically close the issue number mentioned when merged in main branch -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add the number of the issue this pull request is closing here -->
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Fixes #

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closes #
```

<!-- Description of the changes this pull request introduces -->

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**What change does this pull request introduce?**

<!-- Screenshots of the final output -->

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Screenshots**\
If applicable, include screenshots of the issue you solved.

**Checklist**

- [ ] I worked on a branch other than `main`.
- [ ] My branch is up-to-date with the Upstream `main` branch.
- [ ] I have fixed potential errors using `yarn lint`.

> - [ ] I ran `yarn build` to check if everything still builds successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I ran `yarn build` to check everything still builds successfully.
```
